Point to hub for installation instructions (#144)
fishtown-analytics/dbt-utils: README.md

This [dbt](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt) package contains macros that can be (re)used across dbt projects.

## Installation Instructions

> Check [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt_utils/latest/) for the latest installation instructions, or [read the docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/package-management) about installing packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt_utils/latest/) for the latest installation instructions, or [read the docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/package-management) for more information on installing packages.
```
